Keep checking yeah
Jinyuan
How is my sister doing now?
I ask you
How did Nian Qianqian fall off the stage?
Jingyuan, are you suspecting me?
I just wanted to persuade my sister to go back early that day.
After all, it was the day my dad took over the company
I don't want to be destroyed.
Did you tell him about his father's death?
My sister didn't know about my uncle's death.
Sorry.
I'm not thoughtful enough about this.
You know he can't stand stimulation
Why did you tell him?
Origins, don't be angry, okay?
I also blame myself for what happened to my sister.
Therefore, I specifically
I found a hospital that specializes in mental illness
You see this hospital is very authoritative
There have been many success stories
I believe my sister will be cured.
Don't be angry with me anymore, okay?
Have a heart
This is what I should do.
We looked at the case of the lady
It would be better to stay today.
If you drag it on, the state will get worse and worse.
Our hospital
There are psychiatrists and psychologists.
Let your wife receive the best treatment
It will heal in a few months.
Madam is suicidal
Plus state confusion
The treatment time is conservative for 3 months